Damn, is the person I passed through so angry?
Father
That's it.
Even if you beat the child up
That doesn't help either
Now the empress has just ascended the throne
thirsty
The child picked up the yellow hair.
It is already a heavy stone in Chang'an City
If the father is strict
At a young age, it was disrespectful to the empress
The emperor said that it could be added as a crime of bullying the king
What this kid said makes sense
When did he become so intelligent?
Father
Have you ever heard of
Poison oath
There are three schemers to plan things and others to plan for themselves
Those who seek the world and themselves
Those who have sworn to do Yang are those who have a plan to damage yin and morality
The world is unified and the north is uneasy
There is a system of treason and misfortune in the country
There is a savage B tiger vision outside
Ordinary means are difficult to produce
When the world is ruled by poisonous food
You have also
Could it be that he was hiding before?
Uncle Gao Qingqing came uninvited
It's disturbing
The family doesn't speak two languages
Qingqing doesn't have to be so suspicious
Gao Bofu Qingqing is here to break off the marriage
The marriage contract between the Song family and the Gao family
That's a doll ordered since childhood, dear.
Seeing the wedding approaching
How can you just return it?
This move by the Song family
How can I rule my country?
The ordered doll, dear.
That's when I saw the lamb before
I didn't expect so many laughs
It's different with Qingqing
His Majesty the man, a talented woman authorized to sit in on the court
The future looks great.
Since ancient times, dragon steps and snake bodies
Isn't it reasonable to break off the marriage?
Not to mention
Gao Gongzi's visit made a lot of noise
If you can't answer His Majesty's question
That must be branded as a bully
At that time, Your Majesty will punish you.
Wouldn't it also implicate Qingqing?
Lord Gao is a beautiful person
Must not be allowed to happen